HH Goldberg Poland has spent almost 200
days detained in what he described as an
underground hell this is him on October
7th left arm covered in a bag getting
into a pickup truck commandeered by
Hamas
Fighters they'd overrun a music festival
in southern Israel Goldberg Poland and
others had run to a shelter eventually
they were forced out thrown onto a
pickup truck and driven to Gaza Goldberg
Poland had his left hand blown off by a
grenade his parents have been pushing
for a deal to get them released and
we're here today with a plea to all of
the leaders of the parties who have been
negotiating to date that includes Qatar
Egypt the United States Hamas and Israel
be brave lean in seize this moment and
get a deal
done the release of the video prompted
protests by relatives of the captives
outside the official residence of prime
minister Benjamin
Netanyahu they say the government isn't
doing enough to release the 133 Israelis
still being held in Gaza and when farite
security minister mmar benav left a
nearby synagogue he was heckled with
shouts of shame on you he too is accused
of prioritizing the war against Hamas
over the rescue of captives Hamas will
likely have carefully timed the release
of this video to add to the pressure on
Benjamin Netanyahu as he presses on with
his plans to launch a military operation
in Rafa it's a reminder that Israeli
captives will be as much in the line of
fire as the more than one and a half
million Palestinians Sheltering near the
border with
Egypt Bernard Smith alzer in occupied
East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer